So we've added our Firebase dependencies.
Now there are few other dependencies I would like to add here because we'll need them.
So let's start by going to the top here.
So we have our plug ins.
I'm going to add a couple more plug ins here.
So now I have this Caitlin capped like Ian and also dagger hilt Android plugin.
So we're going to need these because we're going to be using Helt as our dependency injector.
OK.
So for this to work, of course, I have to add a few other things.
So at the bottom and our dependencies, a few other plug ins, I'm going to add here a few other dependencies.
I'm going to add copying now instead of you trying to pause this video and go and type all of this.
That's just not good use of your time.
What you can do is go to my repo, which you have access to where we have this project and go and find
the build that Gradle that app.
OK.
And look at the build that Gradle, that app and to build it, that Gradle module.
And so you see all of the dependencies and plugins that I've added, that's probably going to be the
best and make sure you have exactly what I have.
Of course, like I say, you can change or you may need to change the versioning, but that's my dad's
still the same because we need all of these dependencies.
OK, so I'm also going to create this hilt a version inside of our.
Bill, that Gradle module one top level and it passed like this, and I believe way at this point is
going to be to that 39 again, this may change, so that's fine.
And I also need to add this class path, which is Google Dagger Hilt Gradle plugin.
I such and you can see the numbers should be the same with the health version.
All right.
So this is very important to add, so we have those dependencies, let's go ahead and sync.
Let's go back to build a grade on that app.
There are a few other things I'm going to add here.
Yes, I know a lot of things, and that's why I'm saying you probably will be better off to go to get
this file in the repo for this app.
OK.
And you have access to that.
OK, so what else am I going to add?
I'm going to add a few core routines dependencies here.
And there's another one.
Couple more.
The bottom there.
And because we're going to deal with getting images, I'm going to also add the coil dependency, which
is the library that we're going to be using to.
Get images from the internet and show them in our app.
OK, let's go ahead and sink it all.
Everything seems to be fine.
That's well, good.
Let's go ahead and run one more time to make sure that I didn't miss anything.
All right, so now everything OK.
So I still see Hello Android from our project because we haven't done anything in our user interface,
so that's good.
This is always good news.
Again, while we here.
Yes, I know a lot of things, but it's OK.
We're used to this now.
We're going to go to our manifest here.
So I'm going to add the permissions here because this is one of these things that we always forget.
This is Will.
This will allow us to be able to use internet in our application, which we need.
Of course.
So just add that one there and I wish would be good.
All right.
Let's get rid of all of those.
And at this point, we should be ready to get started and if there's anything else we need to add,
of course we're going to be adding those as we go through the course.
So but at least make sure you have these bases done right.
But at least make sure that we have the setup done, especially the Firebase set up done, because that
is crucial for our application.
So, all right, I'll see you next.